Updates for V2 primitives (#711)
Qiskit/documentation: docs/run/primitives-get-started.mdx

pm = generate_preset_pass_manager(backend=backend, optimization_level=1)
isa_circuit = pm.run(circuit)
```
  </TabItem>

  <TabItem value="SamplerV1" label="Sampler (V1)">
    ```python
import numpy as np
from qiskit.circuit.library import IQP
from qiskit.transpiler.preset_passmanagers import generate_preset_pass_manager
from qiskit.quantum_info import random_hermitian

n_qubits = 127

mat = np.real(random_hermitian(n_qubits, seed=1234))
circuit = IQP(mat)
circuit.measure_all()
```
Again, we use the transpiler to get an ISA circuit.

```python
pm = generate_preset_pass_manager(backend=backend, optimization_level=1)
isa_circuit = pm.run(circuit)
```
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

### 3. Initialize the Qiskit Runtime Sampler

> Here we are initializing an instance of `qiskit_ibm_runtime.Sampler` instead of `qiskit.primitives.Sampler` to use the Qiskit Runtime `Sampler`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here we initialize an instance of `qiskit_ibm_runtime.Sampler` instead of `qiskit.primitives.Sampler` to use the Qiskit Runtime `Sampler`. 
```
